---
layout: post
title: 'Review: Casa 700'
date: 2012-09-11 11:18:36.000000000 +08:00
image: /assets/post_images/food_covers/casa-700-full.jpg
oneline: "Go here for the Sea and Mountain Paella"
show_details: yes
name: "Casa 700"
tel: "021 6386-0377"
address_en: "700 Huangpi Nan Lu"
address_cn: "上海市黄陂南路700号"
address_map: "700 Huangpi Nan Lu, Shanghai"
cuisine: "Spanish"
stars: 3
categories:
- Reviews
tags:
- restaurant
- review
- shanghai
- spanish
- tapas
- xintiandi
---
Recent reshuffles in the Spanish dining scene have left a gap in the mid-range bracket that Casa 700 is sizing up to fill. Xuedong Xia Wang, formerly of Mistral, has put together a bar / restaurant ensemble over on the dark side of Xintiandi offering a comprehensive menu of Spain-spanning dishes including a fistful of fine appetizers and especially good paella.

We stuck straight into a plate of Iberian ham croquettes (RMB98) as iconic Spanish sporting events played on a screen overhead. Crisp on the outside and deliciously gooey in the middle, they were enough to keep distractions at bay as the dishes started to roll in. Both a marinated dish of peppers and aubergine and a robust yet delicately fried Andalusian-style baby squid (RMB52) were wholesome yet sophisticated in a way only Spanish bar snacks can be. They’re perfect with a big bottle of the nation’s favorite, Estrella (RMB98).

Only in the pre-main lull did we lift our heads to look around. Casa 700 is a curious venue, half-bar and half-restaurant. With piercing lighting and a clumsy layout, the space feels on the verge of awkward.

Luckily the star of the show arrived to refocus us on the food. The sea and mountain paella (RMB94/person - minimum of two) is a huge dish of saucy rice, Barcelona-style, and its generous portions of prawns, clams, mussels, chicken and ham all simmer in a hefty and meaty stock. Maybe your Spanish aunt can do better, but it’s on par with the best in Shanghai. 

Completely eclipsed was a lamb shank slow-cooked for 60 hours sous-vide (RMB208). It wasn’t the melt-in-the-mouth masterpiece we were expecting and it felt expensive as a result.

Already teeming with Spaniards, Casa 700 has the indicators of success. To us, it’s a great place to go for a beer and some tapas and or for the occasional paella feast.