---
date:   2015-07-14 15:34:25
layout: post
title:  "Review: Kyochon"
oneline: "Results entail tender, fresh meat on the inside and supremely crisp skin on the outside"
show_details: yes
name: "Kyochon"
tel: "021 6333-1739"
address_en: "Unit B2-18, SOHO Fuxing Plaza,  Lu (near Fuxing Zhong Lu)"
address_cn: "马当路388号SOHO复兴广场 B2-18室 (近复兴中路)"
address_map: "388 Madang Rd Shanghai"
cuisine: "Fried Chicken"
stars: 5
categories:
- Reviews
tags: korean fried chicken
image: /assets/post_images/kyochon/kyochon.jpg
---
With more than a thousand outlets in Korea, the U.S. and Southeast Asia, Kyochon serves some of the finest chicken wings on the planet. Through a blend of proprietary cooking methods and strong food standards, they offer the market-defining standard in Korean fried chicken.

Their newest Shanghai outlet is in the basement of the SOHO Fuxing Plaza, which is turning into a hotbed of progressive cuisine. Even with a half-finished complex on all sides, almost every table of Kyochon’s small dining space was full during our visit on a weeknight.

All of Kyochon’s chicken is cooked to order. It gives just enough time to begin with an ice cold jug of Asahi (RMB60) and ensure that each piece of chicken is prepared exactly how it should be… into the fryer, then out and left to cool, then back into another much hotter fryer to crisp the outside. The results entail tender, fresh meat on the inside and supremely crisp skin on the outside.

Among Kyochon’s main offerings (soy or red pepper flavors), we tucked in many wings and small drumsticks in a slight fury (RMB45 for eight pieces, RMB60 for 12 and RMB95 for 20).

A plate of salad (RMB80) featured chunks of battered, boneless chicken served in a Thai-style soy sauce. For “dessert,” a couple of large honey drumsticks (RMB30) are the dreams of meat lovers with sweet tooth.

If this shop is located on the streets of a hip neighborhood in Shanghai, we’d never get a table. Kyochon’s chicken is just that good. With almost 15 years of heritage, Kyochon knows that they can sit in the basement of an unfinished mall, and you’ll still make your way there. 
