---
date:   2015-08-09 15:34:25
layout: post
title:  "Review: CH2"
oneline: "What really ties the uprated menu together is CH2’s new muse: cheese"
show_details: yes
name: "CH2"
tel: "021 5404-7770"
address_en: "1250 Huaihai Zhong Lu (near Huating)"
address_cn: "淮海中路1250号(近华亭路)"
address_map: "1250 Huaihai Middle Rd Shanghai"
cuisine: "American"
stars: 3
categories:
- Reviews
tags: chocolate brunch american
image: /assets/post_images/ch2/ch2.jpg
---
After many years of being a chocolate lover’s paradise, Whisk recently re-opened as CH2 in the same location on Huaihai Zhong Lu. We paid a visit and found that one of Shanghai’s dessert institutions has added a couple of new strings to its bow.  

On first impression, CH2 is a more lounge-like version of its former self. The restaurant is decked out like an expensive USA diner, with well-polished chandeliers and club beats booming from the sound system. They’ve taken a more “grown-up” approach to the menu as well, where a large section of mains are designed to be paired with wine. This feels like a ploy to get the glasses of Chardonnay (RMB45 and up) flowing.  

What really ties the uprated menu together is CH2’s new muse: cheese. A 16-ounce cheeseburger with steamed cheese (RMB108) is a tremendously succulent and juicy affair. It is large, almost justifying the top-tier price. A bowl of mac & cheese (RMB60) felt like a bargain in comparison. It was appropriately crisp on top and tumultuous in the center.  

CH2 serves a mean brunch, too. A Hunter Plate (RMB90) served in a frying pan features sausage, bacon, egg, refried beans, corn, French toast and a homemade hash brown. Their take on smoked salmon eggs Benedict (RMB90), served on buckwheat pancake with a side of salad and potatoes, had plenty to give. We barely had room for any of their chocolate cakes (RMB50 and up).  

We would’ve enjoyed our meal at CH2 more if it didn’t feel like it was happening in a nightclub. The late-night vibe feels a little to oppressive for a casual meal. If you’re going in with a party mood and an empty stomach, it has the goods.